Core 3.0 Preview 4 notes (#12160)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md

</Project>
```

> If you're using Visual Studio, you need Visual Studio 2019 as Visual Studio 2017 doesn't support **.NET Standard 2.1** or **.NET Core 3.0**. It is highly recommended that you use [Visual Studio 2019 Update 1 Preview](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/preview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Visual Studio, you need Visual Studio 2019, as Visual Studio 2017 doesn't support **.NET Standard 2.1** or **.NET Core 3.0**. We highly recommend that you use [Visual Studio 2019 Update 1 Preview](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/preview/).
```

## Tiered compilation

[Tiered compilation](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/tiered-compilation-preview-in-net-core-2-1/) (TC) is on by default with .NET Core 3.0. This feature enables the runtime to more adaptively use the Just-In-Time (JIT) compiler to get better performance.

The main benefit of TC is to enable (re-)jitting methods with slower-but-faster to produce code or higher-quality-but-slower to produce code. This helps increase performance of an application as it goes through various stages of execution, from startup through steady-state. This contrasts with the non-TC approach, where every method is compiled a single way (the same as the high-quality tier), which is biased to steady-state over startup performance.

> To enable Quick JIT (tier 0 jitted code), use this setting in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Quick JIT (tier 0 jitted code), use this setting in your project file:
```

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <TieredCompilationQuickJit>true</TieredCompilationQuickJit>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> To disable TC completely, use this setting in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable TC completely, use this setting in your project file:
```

Windows offers a rich native API in the form of flat C APIs, COM, and WinRT. While .NET Core supports **P/Invoke**, .NET Core 3.0 adds the ability to **CoCreate COM APIs** and **Activate WinRT APIs**. For a code example, see the [Excel Demo](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/core/extensions/ExcelDemo).

## HTTP/2 support

The <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient?displayProperty=nameWithType> type supports the HTTP/2 protocol. Support is currently disabled but can be turned on by calling `AppContext.SetSwitch("System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler.Http2Support", true);` before you use <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient>. You can also enable HTTP/2 support by setting the `DOTNET_SYSTEM_NET_HTTP_SOCKETSHTTPHANDLER_HTTP2SUPPORT` environment variable to `true` before you run your app.

> If HTTP/2 is enabled, the HTTP protocol version will be negotiated via TLS/ALPN and HTTP/2 will only be used if the server selects to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If HTTP/2 is enabled, the HTTP protocol version will be negotiated via TLS/ALPN, and HTTP/2 will only be used if the server selects to use it.
```

* Explicit size can be set as an absolute number or percentage of cgroup limit.
* Minimum reserved segment size per GC heap is 16 mb. This size reduces the number of heaps that are created on machines.

## Smaller Garbage Collection heap sizes

> While the default Garbage Collector (GC) heap size was reduced for Docker, memory usage has been improved while not running in a container. This better aligns with the generation 0 allocation budget with modern processor cache sizes.

Reviewer: The connection between the while clause and the main part of the sentence is unclear.

Author: Ahh yes.. A bad merge between two different sentences. I'll fix that.
